# FinalYearProject
 
This project will be looking into how to effectively use a Virtual Environment to train procedural memory to solve real world problems and improve practical skills in players. The main focus of the project is how to treat all degrees of burns. The main gameplay will involve a wall that looks like human skin, with different degrees of burns in various places, with the aim being to treat it as effectively as possible while avoiding possible pitfalls in these sorts of situations. A major part of treating burns is running it under cold water for at least 10 minutes. I will recreate this and gamify it by making it a part of the game, where you have to maintain the right pressure of the water (as too harsh will create further complications for the burn) while keeping the subject warm and afterwards apply something like cling film to protect the burn from infection. 


Where I feel a lot of educational games go wrong is that they focus too much on the educational section of the genre. I think that a new approach is needed which is the teaching should be integrated into the game rather than the game integrated into the education. I want to make this game with the education integrated right into the main gameplay loop, while it being subtle in it's intent and presence. 

<b>Commit Update #10</b>

Completed the updated score calculation. I followed the basic idea detailed in the last commit update. I changed my wall material so that the masks are generated by a material function, that is itself controlled by a material parameter collection. This same function is also used in my brush material so that I can easily paint onto a render target, with a vector parameter used so that I can lerp between the 3 different masks and the main brush texture by just by changing this parameter. When it comes time to calculate the score, I'll iterate through all the masks, isolate them, and paint them onto a render target which is then exported. I copy the file paths and put them into the request object with the render target's file path and the weights for all textures and I get the score back. Now it's just trial and error to find out which values to assign to different textures to get the most balanced outcome. Now that this is at a decent level, I feel comfortable moving onto completing my level and UI.

<b> Plans </b>
- Encrypt and hash data
- Finish the level
- Start writing python script to pull collected data and perform relevant analysis

<b> Next Steps </b>

- Complete the level
- Possibly start recording the vocal instructions
- Start planning UI for:
     - Main Menu
     - Signup Menu
     - Login Menu
     - Create/Select User
     - Loading Screen (Loading levels, calculating score, uploading data, etc)
     - Score Screen
